GH-11391: Migration of product variants to feature-lib (#12518)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/4_0.md

# Technical Changes in Spartacus 4.0

## Breaking Changes Introduced in 4.0

## Automated Migrations for Version 4.0

- `ProductVariantsModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use @spartacus/product/variants instead.
- `ProductVariantsComponent` was renamed to `ProductVariantsContainerComponent` and moved to feature-lib. Use @spartacus/product/variants/components.
- `VariantColorSelectorComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use @spartacus/product/variants/components instead.
- `VariantSizeSelectorComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use @spartacus/product/variants/components instead.

> - `VariantStyleIconsComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use @spartacus/product/variants/components instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `VariantStyleIconsComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantStyleIconsComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/root` as a replacement.
- `ProductVariantStyleIconsComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` was removed. Use `ProductVariantStyleIconsComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/root` as a replacement.
```

> - `VariantStyleSelectorComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use @spartacus/product/variants/components instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `VariantStyleSelectorComponent` was removed from `@spartacus/storefront`. Use `ProductVariantStyleSelectorComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` instead.
- `VariantStyleSelectorModule` was removed from `@spartacus/storefront`. Use `ProductVariantStyleSelectorModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` instead.
```

Reviewer: Also, this module does not have migration added. In the migration mention the same information in the comments. New name and full import path.

- `ProductVariantGuard` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use @spartacus/product/variants/components instead.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `VariantStyleIconsModule` was removed from `@spartacus/storefront`. Use `ProductVariantStyleIconsModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/root` instead.
- `ProductVariantStyleIconsModule` was moved from `@spartacus/product/variants/components`to `@spartacus/product/variants/root` instead.

```

## Product variants i18n

> - translation key `variants` was removed. Use @spartacus/product/variants/assets instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- translation namespace `variant` was removed from `@spartacus/assets`. Use namespace `variants` that can be imported with `productVariantsTranslations` and `productVariantsTranslationChunksConfig` from `@spartacus/product/variants/assets` instead. Translation keys from this namespace did not changed.
```

## Product variants endpoint scope

> - scope `variants` was removed from defaultOccProductConfig. Use `ProductVariantsOccModule` under @spartacus/product/variants/occ instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- scope `variants` was removed from `defaultOccProductConfig`. It's now provided by `ProductVariantsOccModule` under `@spartacus/product/variants/occ` instead. Additionally the endpoint now uses `orgProducts` API instad of `products`.
```

# Technical Changes in Spartacus 4.0

## Breaking Changes Introduced in 4.0

## Automated Migrations for Version 4.0

> - `ProductVariantsModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `@spartacus/product/variants` feature-library instead.

Reviewer: Duplicate of line 9. I would remove this one

Author: I removed second occuring of this, as it's more misleading with container part

- `ProductVariantsComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantsContainerComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.

> - `ProductVariantsModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantsContainerModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.

Reviewer: I think new version of this module is actually: `ProductVariantsComponentsModule`

Author: No, we tidy it up a bit because previous approach/config was messy. Container component haven't had it's own module, which changed with migrating to feature-lib.

- `VariantColorSelectorModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantColorSelectorModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.
  
- `VariantSizeSelectorComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantSizeSelectorComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.
- `VariantSizeSelectorModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantSizeSelectorModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.
  
- `VariantStyleSelectorComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantStyleSelectorComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.
- `VariantStyleSelectorModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantStyleSelectorModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` as a replacement.
  
- `VariantStyleIconsComponent` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantStyleIconsComponent` from `@spartacus/product/variants/root` as a replacement.

> - `ProductVariantStyleIconsComponent` was moved from `@spartacus/product/variants/components`to `@spartacus/product/variants/root` instead.

Reviewer: Can you add also add migration for this case?

Author: Done

  
- `VariantStyleIconsModule` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantStyleIconsModule` from `@spartacus/product/variants/root` as a replacement.

> - `ProductVariantStyleIconsModule` was moved from `@spartacus/product/variants/components`to `@spartacus/product/variants/root` instead.

Reviewer: And for this one as well

Author: Done

> - `ProductVariantGuard` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `@spartacus/product/variants/components` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ProductVariantGuard` was removed from @spartacus/storefront. Use `ProductVariantsGuard` from `@spartacus/product/variants/components` instead. Additionally method: `findVariant` was renamed to `findPurchasableProductCode`.
```

Could you also update the message in migration accordingly?
